docs(libraries): better distinguish useEditor and useSlate (#3915)
ianstormtaylor/slate: docs/libraries/slate-react.md

###### `useEditor`

> Get the current editor object from the React context. Differs from `useSlate` in that this is a context for sharing the editor object in a way that does **not** re-render the context whenever changes occur. To be used in most cases as `useSlate` can cause unnecessary re-renders of components that consume it.

Reviewer: > To be used in most cases as `useSlate` can cause unnecessary re-renders of components that consume it.

Huh, in our project we've decided to default to `useSlate` as the lack of that extra re-render has caused multiple unexpected results/issues for us. So we treat `useEditor` as an optimization and we actually never use it as `useSlate` is fast enough (and solves easy-to-miss problems).

Author: This was pulled from our experience, as well as the discussion in this thread: https://slate-js.slack.com/archives/C1RH7AXSS/p1588329120389200

> What is the difference between `useEditor` and `useSlate` ?
The comment says that `useSlate` will share the editor in a way that 'the context re-renders whenever changes occur'.
Does this mean that whenever the slate Nodes change the context will re-render. And does this imply that the context will never re-render because of changes to the Nodes when using `useEditor` instead?

> `useSlate` will cause whatever component consumes it to re-render because of the context re-rerender.  `useEditor` provides you the latest `editor`, `editor.children`, etc. but does not cause a re-render of that component.
> We ended up using `useEditor` in most cases as `useSlate` was causing unecessary re-renders of components that consumed it.  But if you need the component to re-render on `onChange`, use `useSlate`.

> Thanks @brentfarese for your answer. So the `useSlate` context will re-render whenever the internal editor state changes, right? That means for example if a Text node is changed, do I get this right?

> Yes but you can get that information with `useEditor` too.
>The important thing is that `useSlate` will cause your entire component to re-render even if that component does not need to be (e.g., the data the component consumes has not changed).

Reviewer: I understand your point.
Still, I'd refrain from this assumption:

> To be used in **most cases** 

as in our project it was the other way around. I think it's not a 0/1 statement.

To rephrase my initial comment: `useSlate` is _safer_ than `useEditor` - it can prevent many issues that one would experience with `useEditor`. I think `useEditor` should be treated as performance optimization (after all, as already mentioned, it helps with _unnecessary re-renders_). 

Even in a very simple, common example, `useSlate` is the way to go: https://github.com/ianstormtaylor/slate/blob/912d4b79da5bfafeaa955d1abdddc358c7220197/site/examples/richtext.tsx#L139-L142

----

To sum up, I'd say that if unsure, one should go with `useSlate` (unless it causes performance issues - but of course, premature performance optimization is the roof evil, bla bla bla, so one should default to the safer solution). 

----

Anyway, thanks for taking the time to explain this, because we did wonder for a bit :)

Reviewer 2: I added a minor suggestion.  Our experience is that we use `useEditor` almost everywhere and not `useSlate` but our setup is different.  I agree `useEditor` should be used if you care about performance, and if your app is performant enough and `useSlate` hides some oddities, then just use `useSlate`.  Let me know if the change is good.  Thanks for the PR!

Author: Great points!

> Get the current editor object from the React context. Differs from `useSlate` in that this is a context for sharing the editor object in a way that does **not** re-render the context whenever changes occur. To be used in most cases as `useSlate` can cause unnecessary re-renders of components that consume it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Get the current editor object from the React context. Differs from `useSlate` in that this is a context for sharing the editor object in a way that does **not** re-render the context whenever changes occur. Consider using `useEditor` if you do not explicitly need to trigger a re-render of the consuming component as it can result in improved performance.
```

###### `useSlate`

> Get the current editor object from the React context. Differs from `useEditor` in that this is a context for sharing the editor object in a way that re-renders the context whenever changes occur. To be used if you need the component consuming it to re-render on `onChange`.

Reviewer: > To be used if you need the component consuming it to re-render on `onChange`.

Not only `onChange`, also for computations based on `editor.selection` value.

Author: Added in ad89288
